Exercise 02 - Translation
=========================

Another translation exercise brought to you by the letter Σ and the number 0.5772156649

Well your last assignment went well - the Javascript team was pleased and the we're feeling optimistic. Now to bring our peoples together by pointing out possible stylistic similarities that would strengthen the bonds between teams.

Do your best at this new assignment - this Pythonic code exhibits a style that might remind the Javascriptians they have more in common than they think. (Hint the answer is [functions](https://github.com/hackbrightacademy/Javascript1/blob/master/function.md)) 

Your translation won't be line-for-line this time around. Javascript doesn't have a built in filter or a built in sum function. You'll have to write your own. 
The entire thing can be accomplished with for-loops, but I think the Javascript team would really appreciate seeing you write the filter and sum functions that their people lack.


By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

```python

## Return a list of fibonacci numbers that go up to but not beyond the maximum number provided
def fibonacci_set(max):
	if max > 1:
		fib_list = [1]
		current_fib = 1
		while current_fib < max:
			fib_list.append(current_fib)
			current_fib = fib_list[-1] + fib_list[-2]

		return fib_list
	else:
		return [1, 1]

## Tell me if a number is even
def even(n):
    return n % 2 == 0

print sum(filter(even,fibonacci_set(4000000)))

```

function fibonacci_set (max) {
    
    if (max > 1) 
    {

        var fib_array = [1];
        var current_fib = 1;
        for (var i = 1; i < max; i ++)
        {
            fib_array.push(current_fib);
            console.log(current_fib);
            current_fib = fib_array[fib_array.length -1] + fib_array[fib_array.length-2];
            
            console.log("This is the one",fib_array[fib_array.length-1]);
            console.log(current_fib);
            console.log(fib_array);
        }
        return fib_array;
    } else {
        return [1,1];
    }

    function sums_evens (fib_array) 
    {
        var sum = 0;
        for (var i = 0; i < len(fib_array); i++)
        {
            if (i %2 === 0) 
            {
                sum += i;

                console.log(sum);
            }
    
        }
        return sum;
    }
}

console.log( fibonacci_set(40));