Exercise 4 - Your Command-Line Pal That's Fun To Be With
========================================================

Pets are great and hilarious, as evidenced by youtube. But, they're also messy, leave a lot of hair around, and meow at you in the middle of the night even though you've let him into and out of the room like 20 times already.  

Screw that, let's make our own pet that doesn't do anything until we tell it to, and is obligated to love us forever.  

Go over the [object area of the python-to-javascript dictionary](https://github.com/hackbrightacademy/Javascript1/blob/master/structures.md#objects) and look at how we'd create an object. 

Objects in Javascript are just like Dictionaries in Python. They start off looking like this: `{}` and can get more complex.  
One example is this:
```javascript
var myObj = {
	key : "value",
	anotherKey : "anotherValue"
}
```
Which can be accessed like this:  
```javascript
myObj.key
//"value"
```
Or like this  
```javascript
myObj["anotherKey"]
// anotherValue
```
We can put functions directly into the values using a function literal- `function(){}`.  

```javascript
var waterFountain = {
	dispense : function() {
		console.log("kkkkkkkkkkkssssssssss")
	},
	getBrokenDuringTheWinter : function(isWinter) {
		if (isWinter) {
			console.log("...");
		} else {
			console.log("ksssssssshhhhhssshhhhhhh")
		}
	}
}
```

Follow these directions:

	- Create an object that represents a cat. It should have properties for tiredness, hunger, loneliness and happiness
	- Next, write methods that increase and decrease those properties. Call them something that actually represents what would increase or decrease these things, like "feed", "sleep", or "pet".
	- Last, write a method that prints out the cat's status in each area.

	- Bonus: Make the functions take arguments that increase or decrease arbitrary amounts
		- Like different types of food make the cat less hungry
		- Or a length of sleep
		- Petting vs laser pointer - one makes the cat really happy, but also tired. One makes the cat active and happy, but probably hungry. Try generalizing this function so that you only have to pass in the argument "pet" or "laser".
	- Bonus: Make the functions as arbitrary as cats are - make it so the cat sometimes doesn't want to be petted.

If you _really_ want some code to start from, here's this:
```javascript
var cat = {
		tiredness: 20,
		hunger: 20,
		lonliness: 3,
		happiness: 15,
		obedientness: -5000,
		feed: function(){
			console.log("Om nom nom")
			this.hunger = this.hunger - 5;
		}
}; 
//Semicolon here because we ended the original statement that started on the first line, where we assigned a {} to a variable.
```




var cat = {
    tiredness: 20,
    hunger: 20,
    loneliness: 3,
    happiness: 15,
    obedience: -5000,
    
    status: function()  {
        console.log(this);
    },

    feed: function(food){
        if (food === "wet"){
        console.log("Om nom nom");
        this.hunger = this.hunger - 5;
    }else if("dry"){
        console.log("Meow");
        this.happiness = this.happiness -5;
    }else {
        console.log("Meh");
    }
    console.log(this.status());
    },
    sleep: function(hours){
        if (sleep >= 2){
        console.log("Zzzzz");
        this.tiredness = this.tiredness - 10;
    }else if(sleep < 2){
        console.log("Yawn");
        this.tiredness = this.tiredness - 5;
    }
    console.log(this.status());
    },
    pet: function(minutes){
        if (minutes >5) {
        console.log("Prrrr");
        this.loneliness = this.loneliness - 5;
        this.happiness = this.happiness + 10;
        
    }else {
        console.log("Howl");
        this.loneliness = this.loneliness - 1;
        this.happiness = this.happiness + 5;
    }
    console.log(this.status());
    },
    play: function(toy){
        if (toy === "laser"){
        console.log(":-3");
        this.tiredness = this.tiredness + 10;
        this.happiness = this.happiness + 20;
    }else if (toy === "ball"){
        console.log("The cat scratches you.");
        this.obedience = this.obedience - 10;
    }
    console.log(this.status());
    },
    train: function(tools){
        if (tools === "Harness") {
        console.log("Cat scratches your face and gives you the stink eye.");
        this.obedience = this.obedience -1000;
        this.happiness = this.happiness -10;
    }else if(tools === "Catnip") {
        console.log("hiss");
        this.obedience = this.obedience - 1;
        this.hunger = this.hunger + 4;
    }
    console.log(this.status());
    },

};
